alright this is a review on the really
crappy stolen revolver room um this
young man right here chub chub all right
now just kidding but his name is Chris
on he's only 11 or 12 or whatever I
don't know but so he's doing 180s and
what happened was like his hub like
snapped and then his chain snapped and
then some spoke snap to know about
changing said whatever I don't know and
you can see these over three so trigger
there's a crack in his room oh it's all
Road tall around us where you weld it
together but okay but um this rim I
would not recommend buying it by the
Blitz riorca set real of their top as
the same price as this and it's so much
louder and it's all sealed because this
is always semi sealed its piece of crap
and it's not steal or anything that's
MSC yeah that's right it's this grim is
really weird because the rolls are in
the inside they're not on the driver so
okay so you have to buy here yes driver
is he has no parole and stop for some
reason stolen it's really stupid because
it never put they didn't even put all
the ball bearings in the frickin I said
because he had this rim for only about
boy take to like for two months like
four months at least and like he doesn't
wait too much the only weighs like 95
powers yeah and what I know it looks big
you still doesn't mind much
well um well I wouldn't recommend buying
this view just feel really suck yeah
fine darlin by I hate you they all hate
you just kidding you're pretty good it's
just make some cutty parts and you make
some really bad points a common trend I
have a better point remember if your
bike this room do not buy the Blitz we
accept rate wheel but but when you buy
it as I said by tyson barrie but when
you're buying it make sure you buy sort
of REM strap because it doesn't come
back home yeah it doesn't come with our
interests our future well yeah and this
one does it comes with this stolen bike
Oh buck shirt this but it's okay but
remember this kids only 11 he only
weighs like not even 100 pounds and he
broke three spokes actually no I didn't
break the facebooks I just got really
bad today through it the O's this whole
end it's going look at these books I
come loose is balls to this you're gonna
tie this is like the loosest whatever so
but so stolen um hope you can catch up
on this and hope you make better parts
so how it right right that thing sucks